Add implementation for MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_BUILTIN_KEYS (#4160)
ARMmbed/mbedtls: docs/proposed/psa-driver-interface.md

If this function returns `PSA_SUCCESS` or `PSA_ERROR_BUFFER_TOO_SMALL`, it must fill `attributes` with the attributes of the key (except for the key identifier). On success, this function must also fill `key_buffer` with the key context.

> On entry, `psa_get_key_lifetime(attributes)` is the location at which the driver was declared and a persistence level with which the platform is attempting to register the key. The driver entry point may choose to change the lifetime (`psa_set_key_lifetime(attributes, lifetime)`) of the reported key attributes to one with the same location but a different persistence level, in case the driver has more specific knowledge about the actual persistence level of the key which is being retrieved. E.g. if a driver knows it cannot delete a key, it may override the persistence level in the lifetime to `PSA_KEY_PERSISTENCE_READ_ONLY`. The standard attributes other than the key identifier and lifetime have the value conveyed by `PSA_KEY_ATTRIBUTES_INIT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On entry, `psa_get_key_lifetime(attributes)` is the location at which the driver was declared and a persistence level with which the platform is attempting to register the key. The driver entry point may choose to change the lifetime (`psa_set_key_lifetime(attributes, lifetime)`) of the reported key attributes to one with the same location but a different persistence level, in case the driver has more specific knowledge about the actual persistence level of the key which is being retrieved. For example, if a driver knows it cannot delete a key, it may override the persistence level in the lifetime to `PSA_KEY_PERSISTENCE_READ_ONLY`. The standard attributes other than the key identifier and lifetime have the value conveyed by `PSA_KEY_ATTRIBUTES_INIT`.
```

Author: Done (during rebase)
